Add docs for new sys/billing/certificates endpoint (#1042)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x (rc)/content/api-docs/system/billing-pki-certificate-count.mdx

---
layout: api
page_title: /sys/billing/certificates - HTTP API
description: >-

>   The `/sys/billing/certificates` endpoint is used to return data about the number of PKI certificates issued by Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the `/sys/billing/certificates` endpoint to fetch data about the number of PKI certificates issued by Vault.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

---

`# /sys/billing/certificates`

> The `/sys/billing/certificates` endpoint is used to return data about the number of PKI certificates issued by Vault.
> It returns information for the entire cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `/sys/billing/certificates` endpoint to fetch data about the
number of PKI certificates issued by Vault. for a cluster.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

## PKI Certificate Counts

> This endpoint returns the number of PKI certificates issued by Vault in each month of the given time range.
> If there are no counts for a given month, an error will be returned for that month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Certificate Counts endpoint returns the number of PKI certificates issued by Vault, or an error, for each month of the given time range.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, avoid "this" as a pronoun

| Method | Path                        |
| :----- | :-------------------------- |
| `GET`  | `/sys/billing/certificates` |

> ### Request Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Request parameters
```
Style correction: use sentence case for headings

- `start_time` `(string: <required>)` - The first month for which to return certificate counts.

> The time must be a timestamp in RFC 3339 format (e.g., `2025-01-01T00:00:00Z` for January 2025).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `start_time` `(string: <required>)` - A timestamp in RFC 3339 format (e.g.,
  `2025-01-01T00:00:00Z` for January 2025) indicating the first month of the
  query range.
```
Style correction: use simple sentence construction

> - `end_time` `(string: <required>)` - The last month for which to return certificate counts. The `end_time` must not be before the `start_time`.
> The time must be a timestamp in RFC 3339 format (e.g., `2025-01-01T00:00:00Z` for January 2025).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `end_time` `(string: <required>)` - A timestamp in RFC 3339 format (e.g.,
  `2025-01-01T00:00:00Z` for January 2025) indicating the last month of the
  query range.
```
Edited to match `start_time`

> ### Sample Payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sample payload
```
